Parameter cleanup (#1076)
lowRISC/ibex: doc/instruction_decode_execute.rst

Bit Manipulation Extension
  Support for the `RISC-V Bit Manipulation Extension (draft version 0.92 from November 8, 2019) <https://github.com/riscv/riscv-bitmanip/blob/master/bitmanip-0.92.pdf>`_ is optional. [#B_draft]_
  It can be enabled via the enumerated parameter ``RV32B`` defined in :file:`rtl/ibex_pkg.sv`.

>   By default, this parameter is set to "RV32BNone" to disable the bit manipulation extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, this parameter is set to "ibex_pkg::RV32BNone" to disable the bit manipulation extension.
```

(same below)

Author: Done, also everywhere else in the file.

The fast and slow versions differ in multiplier only. All versions implement the same form of long division algorithm. The ALU block is used by the long division algorithm in all versions.

Multiplier

>   The multiplier can be implemented in three variants controlled via the enumerated parameter ``RV32M`` defined in :file:`rtl/ibex_pkg.sv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The multiplier can be implemented in three variants controlled via the parameter ``RV32M`` of the enum type `ibex_pkg::rv32m_e`. See  :file:`rtl/ibex_pkg.sv` for permitted values.
```

Author: Done.

  Single-Cycle Multiplier

>     This implementation is chosen by setting the ``RV32M`` parameter to "RV32MSingleCycle". The single-cycle multiplier makes use of three parallel multiplier units, designed to be mapped to hardware multiplier primitives on FPGAs. It is therefore the **first choice for FPGA synthesis**.

Reviewer: Please use the fully-qualified enum name.

While you're at it: can you make it one sentence per line?

Author: Done. Good catch about one sentence per line.
